# FullStack
Experience and Strengths
CS470 has really helped my understanding of cloud based application development. Since I was able to have hands-on experince with this, my understanding of implementing scalable, efficient, and secure cloud solutions has sky rocketed. Some specific skills I have learned over this course are API development, Serverless computing and the utilization of the cloud. Going through this course I realize my strengths of problem solving, adaptability and analytical thinking. With the skills and knowledge I am able to be a Cloud Solutions Architect, AWS Solution Architect, Developer and Dev-Ops.

Planning For Growth
It is incredibly important to be able to plan for the future with my application. Scalability, cost predictability, and operational efficiency are crucial for long term success. This is how I would plan for scaling for my application. Making sure auto scaling is implemented in some AWS applications. I would integrate error handling mechanism's. TO predict the cost we can use cost estimation tools and compare the costs between models to see which one would be beneficial for us. If we wanted predicable cost for stable work loads then we would go with containers but if there is a lot of unpredicability we would use servless where the cost scales with how much we actually use. With containers the pro's for expansion would be greater control, compatibility and stable cost. While the con's would be there would be more effort in managing everything as we are doing it ourselves. For serverless the pro's are simplified scaling, Cost effiecient for unstable workloads and reduced operational overhead. Con's are loss of control and less cost effective.

Elasticity is important because it allows our application to automatically adjust to what we need it to. This makes sure no matter what happens in the future we are able to change out application to what it needs to be. The pay-forService model allows us to keep paying only what we are using. This means we can change how we need to but still only pay for what we are using. INt he long run this adaptable things will save us.
